9-07-10: Today was the 3rd day of school. Most of my classes, and all but English are at least mostly interesting. I think i'm getting to be closer friends with several people, which is one of my goals for the year. So far, its going well. I actually went up and talked to Adri for a couple minutes at the fair yesterday, and she talked to me in the hallway today as well.
Debate is even more fun than I remember it. My class has a ton of freshmen, but I think its going to be a good class. I don't know a lot of people, but no one I dislike is in the class. And there are a lot of girls that so far seem to be cool and fun. One girl, named Lindsay, sits directly in front of me. She seemed at several different points to be smiling at me. It was subtle enough that I might have over-analyzed it, but theres a possibility. From the little I know about her she seems like she has a lot of the traits I look for in girls. 

9-08-10: I was able to talk to Josh Wilson for about 15 minutes at lunch. He's now working four jobs, including being a lighting engineer for concerts. I was the first one done with the homework assignment in AP Calc, as well as the trig assignments in Physics. Debate was as fun as ever; I really want to get to know Felisha and Lindsay better, and I think I kind of stand out more so than in my other classes, which is good.

9-09-10: We played a colonial settler simulation as a class in history. The first time, we were only a few days away from winning when a hurricane hit and killed everyone. We played again, and about 20 days into the 180 we were hit again by a hurricane! 
I saw Kailyn a couple times, and she always talks to me when we pass each other in the halls, which is nice. 
Hemantha and Clint made a really funny video for an English project. It was really well made and quite funny; I wonder if I could make a video of that quality. I would like to try sometime. 
Debate, again, was awesome. I sat between Lindsay and Felisha. Felisha talked to me a little bit, and commented from across the room about my yellow and black tie dye shirt. Mr. Nelson assigned me and Lindsay for partners for an assignment to come up with Aff contention taglines for the LD resolution. She seemed smart and willing to work, and we were able to come up with some good ideas. I've also been noticing some other stuff. For example, on a couple occasions, she seemed to be imitating me, something Josh and Chuck say are a strong sign of flirting. She'd cross her legs when I crossed mine, or look in a certain direction after I did. I also think I noticed her doing some of the things I do when I'm attracted to a girl. I'll look over at them, then obviously glance in the opposite direction to make it seem as though I glanced over not to look at her, but to look around the room. I'm pretty sure she was doing that. Of course, I'm trying not to get my hopes up because of all the experiences of the past, but I'm nonetheless hopeful. 

9-10-10: The day was fun. It was a friday, which is obviously nice. It was also picture day, and in several classes we didn't do much at all. At lunch I tried to fix a router for Ms. Wise, but I have no idea how the school district sets up their networks. It's a really easy fix if I know how the system is set up.
Today was the first day of spar in debate. I debated C.C. on the topic that "Policy Debate is better than LD." I was on Neg, and was able to make some surprisingly powerful arguments and ended up winning pretty easily. Lindsay debated also, affirming that Oompa-Loompas could beat Ewoks in a fight. She didn't have the greatest arguments or rebuttals, but she was as good as any of the other novices. Her speaking skills stood out I think. She appeared very confident and was able to make her speeches interesting and fun. She has a lot of potential. Another thing I noticed was that she watched the entirety of my debate round, then picked up a book and read during the next round. 
I thought a lot last night and I think that the whole Lindsay situation is a way in which I am trying to truly asess my potential and abilities in the way of girls. I see some hope that she might like me, or at least likes me enough to get to know me better. This is a situation that is somewhat rare, and I really want to know how I handle it. No one is there to help me or set stuff up for me, so whatever happens will be completely my doing. I wish she was another year older, since it might be a little awkward since she's a freshman. However, Stephen and Paige are another year apart, and that hasn't stopped them at all. 
In all honesty, I still don't know if I truly like her, or if I'm picking up on the potential signals that she likes me, and I'm subconsciously starting to like her because of it. I believe that that's what happened a few months ago with Claire. I didn't like her, and I'm sure I wouldn't have even if I knew her better, but I saw signs that she potentially liked me. I believe that I subconsciously knew that, and consequently started liking her a lot more because of it. I don't know if this is the same thing with Lindsay or not, and I really need to figure out a way to tell. But thinking about it, I haven't had exceptionally strong feeling for any girl in the fairly recent past. There have been plenty of girls that I've liked, but not to a huge amount. Another problem I think I have is that I still have the "fairytale scenario" ingrained into my mind, and I still, deep down, think that that's what's going to happen. No matter how it logically sounds, I still honestly believe that I'm eventually going to find the perfect girl for me, and that I'll know it when I see it. As much as I want this to happen, I know that it probably won't. But I nonetheless still keep thinking that there's no point in dating girls that I don't exceptionally like. Which could be a problem, because I'm seeing now that dating is how you get to know girls on that other level, one that can't be found through normal friendships. I really want to start dating, but I'm honestly still nervous about asking girls, not necessarily about the possibility of rejection, but more so the deeply-rooted idea that I'm not attractive at all to girls. I don't know where it came from, probably from the fact that I never knew any girls liked me until 8th grade, but I've always looked at myself as not very attractive. I honestly can't figure out why girls like me over other people, and this deeply affects my confidence in the area. I just need to find one girl who accepts and likes me for who I am, but I don't know where to find that. 
On a more literal note, tonight I went to the Sorcerer's Apprentice with Stephen, Kory, Pelletti, Justine, Mollie, and Paige. Pelletti, Justine, and Kory were late, and the theatre said that the tickets were sold out. There were at least 10 seats left in the theatre, but they wouldn't sell them tickets. So we got our money back and went to Stephen's house to watch The Dark Knight. We picked up Patty, and all but Kory fit on Stephen's couch. It was kind of cramped, but I was between Pelletti and Justine, so I didn't mind. It was fun watching it with them. 
